*: update TOC and title wording for on-boarding docs (#19353)
pingcap/docs: quick-start-with-tidb.md

---
title: Quick Start with TiDB Self-Managed Using TiUP Playground

> summary: Learn how to quickly get started with the TiDB platform and see if TiDB is the right choice for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to quickly get started with TiDB Self-Managed using TiUP playground and see if TiDB is the right choice for you.
```
